Didn't Xu Tianzhang tell me to come back today to send troops to my father?
Why can't you stop it? How did you stop it in front of the Zhenlu Group?
How do you know that the chairman of Zhenlu Group is coming back to send troops today?
Dad, he's very talkative, of course his father's company scared or killed his son,
You figure it out! Opportunities will be given to you whether you can seize them or not.
After all, don’t be fooled by that kid.
This guy is the thirty-year-old president
Who is that grown-up in our lineup?
Wang Ting'an's Wang Ting'an
You're pretending to be relevant.
It's a pity that you are better than our chairman
celebrate his attitude
King Chen, take it down
I just said that you were innocent
It turns out you didn’t even think about it
I signed Wang Ping'an
I will definitely give your deputy Wang’s family three households.
The one who will be killed later is you, the powerful one.
I'm your bullshit
Even I don’t understand
Hurry up and don't leave me.